Update TRACE32 tutorials (#1252)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/04.pro/boards/portenta-h7/tutorials/lauterbach-debugger/content.md

![Your board's serial number can be displayed in the Arduino IDE using the "Get Board Info" command](assets/por_ard_trace32_board_info.png)

***For Portenta H7 and Nicla Vision only: if you only see a 16-character (64-bit) long serial number, then you need to update your Arduino IDE and your boards' core from the Boards Manager in the IDE. Details on how to do so can be found on the Arduino website. In addition, make sure your board has the [latest bootloader](https://docs.arduino.cc/tutorials/portenta-h7/updating-the-bootloader) installed.***

- Use the TRACE32 debugger. Check the section "Starting the TRACE32 Debugger" to learn how to get started. Click the menu item "Board S/N and License State". Your board's serial number will be printed in the AREA window and a dialog LICENSE.state will be opened.

![Click the menu item "Detect Board S/N" to display the serial number](assets/por_ard_trace32_board_sn.png)

![License State Dialog](assets/por_ard_trace32_license_state.png)

***Note: Newer TRACE32 software version should automatically detect and show the board serial number, at the first connection to the target.***

> At this point, you are ready to register at the Lauterbach registration page below:

Reviewer: The preview is not good so 
![image](https://github.com/arduino/docs-content/assets/7687624/3255f2a2-366c-4126-bf74-37eca9b19a9d)

better to do something like this to avoid format errors and artifacts:

```suggestion
At this point, you are ready to register at the [Lauterbach registration page](http://www.lauterbach.com/4543):
```

Author: Right perfect, thanks!

> [www.lauterbach.com/4543](http://www.lauterbach.com/4543)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
